## Resume on the 03 / 01 / 2022

_At the current date, here is a resume of all the informations, difficulties, and leads that I have._

Up to this point, half of the subject, concerning computer vision, was quite easy to gather, as it seems to be a hot topic today. Howerver, I am still strugguling with the second half, concerning the pose theory, in order to gather all the required informations, that could lead to the best project and algorithms possibles.

As a reminder the goal of this project is to implement an algorithm, that detects humain behaviour and interactions, based on the matrix extracted from computer vision, based on the OpenPose library.

### Ressources gathered

**Computer Vision**

OpenPose usage seems to be the most common approch when it comes to detecting the human posture. As the library already extracts the matrices from the detection, it is only now a matter of knowing how to use this matrix and exploit its data to know what we want.

As the behaviour of someone often related to its surrounding, one of the article that I found has a very interesting approach on optical flows, in order to detect the movement of crowds. It can be an intersting lead to evaluate the orientation of individuals, regarding other's orientation, in order to detect groups, confrontation, and other activities such as sport, or discussions.

Some of the projects found make use of negativ references in order to implement specific behaviours detection. It is however probably to specific this project purpose, but still can be a good approach to implement the first bases for certain behaviours.

**Pose theory**

As explained above, I had a hard time finding the required ressources for this part of the project but I found some articles and projects using this method.

One of the good, news is that I found was that the name for this domain is called synerlogy, which should have helped me find more articles based on this keyword. Yet the bad news is that synerlogy is very controversed amongst scientist who don't see it as a true science. Therefor, most of the articles that I found were articles criticizing this science.

It's quite a frustrating situation, aspecially because I was still able to find some projects out there that uses the key points of the human posture, in order to detect falls, and detect a person who texts while walking.

Although those projects are very encouraging for the existence of my own implementation of this method, it is a little worring that I cannot find more informations solely based on posture for specific actions.


### To be evaluated

**Further questions**

- If more relevant results cannot be found, is it thinkable to assert the base rules for poses and apply the machine learning technic on it ?
- What type of machine learning technics can be implemented in order for the machine to learn in the most efficient way ?
  - Extract matrices from videos ?
    - Where to find the video ?
  - Learn with matrices comparison ?
    - How to find proper number ?
- What is the optimum approach in this subject ?
  - Which algorithm ?
  - How to classify data ?

**Further subjects**

- Body inertia
- Distance to ground
- Behaviour amongst groups
- Optical flow Algorithm